# Entry 6
##### 06/02/24

For one to two weeks, me and my classmates have worked on futher improving our Year-Long-Projects with our tools for the SEP ExpoWe had finished most of the work that was needed to be done. All we had left was to make improvements to make our projects the best they can be. On the last week before the Expo, we worked on [making slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IGVuHLGVGKpcsebscPX_orwwhiZX2-ZqNuUC6e3TPa4/edit#slide=id.p) that would present our projects and why we made them. Making the slides for my project was fairly easy since the tool that I had used to make my project was also easy to use. I had even written out an [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QpoVV1gkEyaLoqZO4-PHPZMv6R5y9hmqlwYDtp_OQrE/edit?usp=sharing) that I could have used when presenting my slides. However, when I was presenting to my class as practice, I had forgotten what I had practiced and improvised during my presentation. One issue that I also could have avoided while presenting was that I could have shown what my project was earlier rather than explaining the process first, showing my project, then continuing with my process. I did fix this when I presented my project and slides at the expo by practicing my elevator pitch more and reordering what I will say.

For this blog, I am currently on the "Communicate the Results" part of the Engineering Design Process (EDP) where I showed off my finished product to others in my class and to others during the Expo. While working on this blog, I have been working on the skill of "Consideration". This is an important skill for me to learn because I need to be able consider the thoughts what others think about what I had made and how they feel about it. Another important skill for me to learn was "Time Management". This was an important skill for me to learn because I need to be able to have enough time to put in work for what I need to do. For example, I needed to be able to focus on what I had to say during in-class presentations and my presentation during the Expo. This also includes for when I needed to make time to improve on my project to make it better and more presentable to others.

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)